Migration writing pass 4 (#2088)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.16/migration-guides/17029_Refactor_hierarchyrelated_commands_to_remove_structs.md

> Several commands have been refactored to be methods of `Commands` instead of individual structs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several commands have been refactored to internally use closures instead of individual structs, and their structs have been removed.
```

The methods were already there :)
